---
layout: post
title:      "The untapped jobs for a developer"
date:       2020-03-15 16:37:31 +0000
permalink:  the_untapped_jobs_for_a_developer
---


As my career search progressed I have been applying to many of jobs. I've realized as I've been pplying that certain key job titles are what I'm finding myself attracted to. "Junior Web Developer", "Junior Software Engineer", "Web Developer", "React Developer" are just a few ones I've noticed. Obviously, these jobs invovle what I've learned throughout my time at Flatiron School. With jobs being so competetive espicially in the NY area, it's hard for someone like me to get one. Not having the necessary skills to do the job but not htave the expierence like a great deal of other people have hinders my ability to stand out in these hyper competetive big name jobs. However, what about jobs that don't fully require React or are heavy in fullstack? Their are jobs out there that use all the skills I've learned but don't necessairly have similar titles when you type them into google. 

HTML CSS Email analyst/developer is exactly what it sounds like. You'd be utilizing two tools I've known for a long time (also learned and used more at Flatiron) HTML and CSS to create emails for companies in retail, marketing etc. This job seems more for marketing and start up companies. It's great because typically you don't need years of work expiernece in complex tools like JavaScript and React, but instead you just need to be able to showcase you can use HTML and CSS. It's easy enough to do that when you have a boat load of portfolio project on hand. I've noticed the more I apply to these jobs, the more calls backs i'm getting, it's a much different outcome then applying to the hyper competeive regular Developer title jobs and at companies that EVERYONE is applying too. A job like this would give you practicle work expierence and help you branch out into the Front End world, without the hassle of trying to compete with everyone else (for the most part, and this is only based off NYC from what I am seeing". Yes it's not a gurantee you'd get a job, their might be someone out there who is more qualified, but just off my research call backs are more frequent, the more start up feel makes it easier to reach an actual person, and if you have the skills you can really impress without feeling like 1/1000 people applying for the same job. 
